- [Instructor] There's some initial details as well
as set up on your machine that is needed in order
to be successful in this course.
For this course, we were looking at
a couple of different languages for development.
First and foremost, each operating system
has its own caveats with installing the languages,
interpreters, compilers and other machinery.
The installation of those for each OS
is outside the scope of this course.
So please refer to the documentation
for your specific OS on those.
We'll be using Java as a language for serverless functions.
For Java, we will leverage Maven
as a dependency management framework to work with.
We also will be deploying to a Java 11 backend
so language compatibility with Java 11
is all that is required.
We also will be using Python 38.
Now I'm going to be using 3.8.5 specifically on my machine,
but anything within the 3.89 X line of Python
should work fine for this course.
There is some backwards compatibility
to three seven and three six,
but again try to stick with three, eight or three nine
which is experimental with the current Azure functionality.
Now, when it comes to development,
the ADE is critical for most developers.
Normally I stress to know your IDE
and use what is comfortable for you.
I usually use JetBrains IDE
because that's what I use with work
and they are the ones that I am most comfortable with.
However, Azure is an exception for me.
Personally when working with Azure,
I use a very specific IDE
and that IDE is Visual Studio Code.
And the reason that I use that with Azure
especially with Azure function development
is because it is a very rich integration with some plug-ins.
Now I do get similar plug-ins with JetBrains
but they are not as rich as Visual Studio Code
and it's free.
So I'm not going to tell you
that you have to use Visual Studio Code,
as I said, often you should use an IDE
that is very comfortable for you
but when it comes to Azure,
it's worth using Visual Studio Code if you have access to it
and you can install it on your machine.
Now I will use and recommend several specific plugins
for this course.
Again, assuming that you're using Visual Studio Code,
Microsoft's Python extension, the Java extension
and Visual Studio Code from Red Hat
and the Azure account and functions extensions
are ones that I will be using
in Visual Studio Code for this course.
Now, when it comes to the command line,
we're not going to get into the command line a lot
but knowledge of the command line
is important for developers.
And of course the command line
is very different for each OS, as well as the shell
that you're using if you're on a Mac or Linux.
Now, if you're using Windows
it can require some in-depth knowledge
when targeting Linux back ends.
So again, you do need to know the command line
for your OS as well as what you are targeting
in order to be successful in any cloud native course.
Know as well how to use your tool kits
and specifically, you're going to have Azure functions
core tools installed on your machine.
This is a requirement
to test your serverless functions locally.
So you need to go to Microsoft
and download the Azure functions core tools
specific to your operating system
and get them up and running.
We're going to play with them a little bit
but you do need them up
especially within Visual Studio Code
as we're running our debug operations.
And finally, the core aspect of the course is Azure itself.
You're going to need an account with Azure,
the good thing is like every cloud provider
you can get a free account
with nothing more than your email address.
You will need to know some of the basics of Azure
and there are courses to teach you those
in the LinkedIn learning library
but we're not going to spend a ton of time in the console
as much as we are in Visual Studio Code
and then going and looking at what happens in the console.
So your knowledge doesn't have to be deep
but you do need to have an account
and you do need some base knowledge.
More importantly than understanding that console
is understanding how to read Azure's documentation.
Their tech writers have done a pretty good job
at giving us a very clear set of documentation
specifically around Azure functions.
So that's really where you're going to need
to focus your time on and make sure that you can read them
and understand them, especially in the challenge exercises
if you choose to do the extra credit
and go above and beyond.